<!-- This is the Final Submission of Team-96 Inter IIT Meet 12.0 for the Zelta Lab's Problem Statement

## Installation

To run any of the code on your system, dependencies can be installed from `requirements.txt`

## BackTesting

Has the code to backtest logs generated by a strategy, and provide detailed visual and numerical analysis

## data

Contains BTC/USDT data for 4 years from 2018-01-01 to 2022-01-12 at the tick size of 3m, 5m, 15m, 30m, 1h

## Strategies

contains various strategies implemented with running instructions given in each README of that strategy

## Results

contains the backtesting result on implemented strategy -->


# Team-96 Final Submission for Inter IIT Meet 12.0

This repository contains our final submission for the Zelta Lab's Problem Statement at the Inter IIT Meet 12.0.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

To run the code in this repository, you'll need to install the necessary dependencies listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies using pip:              
      ```pip install -r requirements.txt```
3. Install ta-lib from https://pypi.org/project/TA-Lib/

## Features

### BackTesting

We provide a robust backtesting module that allows you to test trading strategies using historical data. It generates detailed visual and numerical analysis of the strategy's performance.

### Data

This repository includes BTC/USDT trading data spanning 4 years (from 2018-01-01 to 2022-01-12). The data is available in various time intervals: 3m, 5m, 15m, 30m, 1h.

### Strategies

We've implemented various trading strategies. You can find detailed instructions on how to run each strategy in the respective README files.

### Results

Check out the `Results` directory to see the performance of our implemented strategies when backtested on the provided data.

### Analysis

It contains some of the many experiments we did on data, to make inferences and fine tune our strategies

**Attention:** Due to size limitations (under 100 MB), the complete submission is provided through a Google Drive link. This link contains two zip files:

**1. final_submission_complete.zip:**

This file holds the entire tree structure of our submission, including:

* Data files for each alpha.
* Logs files for each alpha.

**2. data_and_logs.zip:**

This file contains only the:

* Logs generated by running the strategy python scripts.
* Data provided.

**Google Drive Link:** [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kNTIDftjcm8jornIYTA_2X4cpmXEXAWY]
